content/en/catalystTV/fund8/cardanoAnnualMarketReport.md, before:

---
title: "Cardano Annual Market Report"
linkTitle: "Cardano Annual Market Report"
type: blog
# date: 2022-04-01
description: "Our mission is to bring the most comprehensive knowledge about Cardano to the community in Vietnam."
---

{{<  youtube gZyouiBW2Eo >}}

## Catalyst TV - Cardano Annual Market Report

Shout out to one of the well-prepared proposals in Fund8 of Mr. Tung Tran planning to build a creditable database report

Challenge: F8: Film + Media (FAM) creatives unite!
Proposal: Cardano Annual Market Report
https://cardano.ideascale.com/c/idea/...
Requested Fund: $10,000


### Proposers' background:

**The lead of the Project:** *Tran Thanh Tung*

**Experience:**
- MBA degree
- 06 years experience in Marketing
- 04 years experience in Digital Marketing (Strongest in WordPress, SEO, Social & Community Marketing)
- 03 years experience in Blockchain Industry)
- Founder www.vneconomics.com (objective is to increase cognition of Vietnamese about Blockchain Technology)
- Linked In: https://www.linkedin.com/in/tranthanh...


**The lead of Content & Communication**: *Ha Minh Trang*

**Experience**
- MBA degree
- 08 years experience in Marketing
- 06 years experience in the Education field
- Published Article: http://jabes.ueh.edu.vn/Home/SearchAr... article_id=8c4aeb8e-f1d4-47aa-9dbd-c8206e11eb7d
- Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/minhtrang.ha.3

Commit message:

initial catalyst tv content clean-up.

content/en/catalystTV/fund8/cardanoAnnualMarketReport.md, after:

---
title: "Cardano Annual Market Report"
linkTitle: "Cardano Annual Market Report"
type: blog
# date: 2022-04-01
description: "Our mission is to bring the most comprehensive knowledge about Cardano to the community in Vietnam."
---

{{<  youtube gZyouiBW2Eo >}}

## Catalyst TV - Cardano Annual Market Report

Make a market report with professional methodology, implement results in multi-channel communication, especially publish in local mediums.

*Shout out to one of the well-prepared proposals in Fund8 of Mr. Tung Tran planning to build a creditable database report*

- **Challenge:** F8: Film + Media (FAM) creatives unite!
- **Proposal:** [Cardano Annual Market Report](https://cardano.ideascale.com/c/idea/397417)  
- **Requested Fund:** 10000

### Meet the Team:

Tran Thanh Tung  
[**LinkedIn**](https://www.linkedin.com/in/tranthanhtung37/)


#### Experience
- MBA degree
- 06 years experience in Marketing
- 04 years experience in Digital Marketing (Strongest in WordPress, SEO, Social & Community Marketing)
- 03 years experience in Blockchain Industry)
- Founder www.vneconomics.com (objective is to increase cognition of Vietnamese about Blockchain Technology)

Ha Minh Trang  
[**Facebook**](https://www.facebook.com/minhtrang.ha.3)

#### Experience
- MBA degree
- 08 years experience in Marketing
- 06 years experience in the Education field
- [Published Article](http://jabes.ueh.edu.vn/Home/SearchArticle?article_id=8c4aeb8e-f1d4-47aa-9dbd-c8206e11eb7d)
