content/en/catalyst/fund7/challenges/scale-cardano-community-hubs/campaign-brief.md, before:

---
title: "Scale-UP Cardano's Community Hubs"
linkTitle: "Scale-UP Cardano's Community Hubs"
type: docs
hide_feedback: true
---
How do we encourage Local Community Hubs to drive adoption and awareness of Cardano in the next 6 months?

{{< youtube nJkH2MtPhX8 >}}

Fund Size: **$350,000 USD paid in Ada**

[Campaign page](https://cardano.ideascale.com/a/campaign-home/26244) and [browse ideas](https://cardano.ideascale.com/a/ideas/top/campaign-filter/byids/campaigns/26244/stage/unspecified).

## Campaign Brief
Out of the world's approximately 7.8 billion inhabitants, 6.45 billion do not speak English.

Living in the Western world, we forget this fact regularly, and many of us have never even considered it.

Let's consider it now and start to build an ecosystem that is truly global, allowing everyone to participate to the best of their ability.

When you drive adoption at the ground level, you are doing more than just 'building cool products', you are empowering people to change their lives in ways they could have never imagined by themselves.



## Why is it Important?
Without users on the ground level, we are building niche products serving mostly technical people with blockchain expertise.

## How does success look like?
Local Community Hubs across the world where the average person can take part in their own language and with their own cultural understanding
## Key Metrics to measure
- How many new Hubs were launched in the next 6 months?
- How many developers did this community-focused challenge bring into the Cardano ecosystem?
- How many new users of Cardano were onboarded?
- What was the total reach of the Hub's initial marketing launch?
- How many external organizations did this community-focused challenge bring into the Cardano ecosystem?

Commit message:

added description frontmatter for all fund7/challenges files.

content/en/catalyst/fund7/challenges/scale-cardano-community-hubs/campaign-brief.md, after:

---
title: "Scale-UP Cardano's Community Hubs"
linkTitle: "Scale-UP Cardano's Community Hubs"
type: docs
hide_feedback: true
description: "How do we encourage Local Community Hubs to drive adoption and awareness of Cardano in the next 6 months?"
---
How do we encourage Local Community Hubs to drive adoption and awareness of Cardano in the next 6 months?

{{< youtube nJkH2MtPhX8 >}}

Fund Size: **$350,000 USD paid in Ada**

[Campaign page](https://cardano.ideascale.com/a/campaign-home/26244) and [browse ideas](https://cardano.ideascale.com/a/ideas/top/campaign-filter/byids/campaigns/26244/stage/unspecified).

## Campaign Brief
Out of the world's approximately 7.8 billion inhabitants, 6.45 billion do not speak English.

Living in the Western world, we forget this fact regularly, and many of us have never even considered it.

Let's consider it now and start to build an ecosystem that is truly global, allowing everyone to participate to the best of their ability.

When you drive adoption at the ground level, you are doing more than just 'building cool products', you are empowering people to change their lives in ways they could have never imagined by themselves.



## Why is it Important?
Without users on the ground level, we are building niche products serving mostly technical people with blockchain expertise.

## How does success look like?
Local Community Hubs across the world where the average person can take part in their own language and with their own cultural understanding
## Key Metrics to measure
- How many new Hubs were launched in the next 6 months?
- How many developers did this community-focused challenge bring into the Cardano ecosystem?
- How many new users of Cardano were onboarded?
- What was the total reach of the Hub's initial marketing launch?
- How many external organizations did this community-focused challenge bring into the Cardano ecosystem?
