content/en/catalyst/fund7/challenges/ai-singularitynet/campaign-brief.md, before:

---
title: "A.I. & SingularityNet a $5T market"
linkTitle: "A.I. & SingularityNet a $5T market"
type: docs
hide_feedback: true
---
How can we create a mutually beneficial partnership with SingularityNet and other A.I. developers and researchers?

Fund Size: **$500,000 USD paid in Ada**

[Campaign page](https://cardano.ideascale.com/a/campaign-home/26247) and [browse ideas](https://cardano.ideascale.com/a/ideas/top/campaign-filter/byids/campaigns/26247/stage/unspecified).

## Campaign Brief
Artificial Intelligence will be a driving force this century. It will be at least as big as cryptocurrencies and blockchains.

The Singularity community has put their trust in Cardano by voting overwhelmingly to risk the value of their AGI tokens by issuing new AGI tokens based on Cardano and moving swiftly from Ethereum to Cardano. We can reward that trust and recognize the risk they took by dedicating a community challenge to them and their field of endeavor.

The speed and efficiency of Cardano combined with the possibilities of SingularityNet will make a great partnership that sets both communities apart from other cryptocurrencies/tokens and drives enormous growth and value.

*Also… I want a world for my kids and community where Artificial Intelligence's goals are as beneficial and ethical as Cardano's*

## why is it Important?
The SingularityNet/Cardano partnership can make a beneficial powerhouse that drives this century's innovations in Artificial Intelligence

## Marketplace/News

some facts:

### Microsoft
- Is acquiring Nuance for $19.7 Billion - to deliver new cloud and AI capabilities across healthcare and other industries

### **McKinsey** estimates AI techniques have the potential to:
- Create between $3.5T and $5.8T in value annually across nine business functions in 19 industries.
- $2.6T additional value in Marketing and Sales
- $2T in Supply Chain Management and Manufacturing.
- $200B in value to Pricing & Promotion
- $100B to Customer Service Management in Retail.
- Have an 11.6% impact on Travel industry revenues
- Have a 10.2% impact on High Tech.
- In 69% of the use cases in the study, AI and deep neural networks improved performance beyond what existing analytic techniques were able to deliver

### **SingularityNET** was born from a collective will to distribute the power of AI.
- **A full-stack AI solution powered by a decentralized protocol** and the first and only decentralized platform allowing AIs to cooperate and coordinate at scale, removing one of the major limiting factors to AI growth today — the lack of interoperability — which severely restricts the ability to leverage the strengths and capabilities of individual AIs.
-**Enables anyone to take advantage of a global network of AI algorithms, services, and agent.** No longer must AI technology exist in silos, only capable of operating within a specific company, infrastructure, or industry.
- **Sophia**, the world's most expressive robot, is one of our first use cases.



## How does success look like?
- SingularityNet teams and individuals arrive on Catalyst enthused by the possibilities for proposals and funding.
- Catalyst users get exposed to SingularityNet's technologies and get excited by the ways they could be used.
- Great collaborations happen before, during and after the challenge.
- The challenge is looked back on as part of the beginning of a great partnership between two crypto communities.

## Guiding Questions
- What do SingularityNet's technologies make possible?
- How and where can AI + Cardano benefit society?

## Potential directions
- AI improvements to help project Catalyst scale to many times its current size
- AI projects that fire the community's imagination and enthusiasm
- Knowledge base & Documentation
- Samples, recipes and templates
- Hackathons

## Key Metrics to measure
- Return on intention
- Number of proposals submitted
- Number of proposals with teams composed of both Cardano and SingularityNet community members
- Number of proposals with new and innovative solutions
- Number of proposals with ongoing development envisioned

Commit message:

added description frontmatter for all fund7/challenges files.

content/en/catalyst/fund7/challenges/ai-singularitynet/campaign-brief.md, after:

---
title: "A.I. & SingularityNet a $5T market"
linkTitle: "A.I. & SingularityNet a $5T market"
type: docs
hide_feedback: true
description: "How can we create a mutually beneficial partnership with SingularityNet and other A.I. developers and researchers?"
---
How can we create a mutually beneficial partnership with SingularityNet and other A.I. developers and researchers?

Fund Size: **$500,000 USD paid in Ada**

[Campaign page](https://cardano.ideascale.com/a/campaign-home/26247) and [browse ideas](https://cardano.ideascale.com/a/ideas/top/campaign-filter/byids/campaigns/26247/stage/unspecified).

## Campaign Brief
Artificial Intelligence will be a driving force this century. It will be at least as big as cryptocurrencies and blockchains.

The Singularity community has put their trust in Cardano by voting overwhelmingly to risk the value of their AGI tokens by issuing new AGI tokens based on Cardano and moving swiftly from Ethereum to Cardano. We can reward that trust and recognize the risk they took by dedicating a community challenge to them and their field of endeavor.

The speed and efficiency of Cardano combined with the possibilities of SingularityNet will make a great partnership that sets both communities apart from other cryptocurrencies/tokens and drives enormous growth and value.

*Also… I want a world for my kids and community where Artificial Intelligence's goals are as beneficial and ethical as Cardano's*

## why is it Important?
The SingularityNet/Cardano partnership can make a beneficial powerhouse that drives this century's innovations in Artificial Intelligence

## Marketplace/News

some facts:

### Microsoft
- Is acquiring Nuance for $19.7 Billion - to deliver new cloud and AI capabilities across healthcare and other industries

### **McKinsey** estimates AI techniques have the potential to:
- Create between $3.5T and $5.8T in value annually across nine business functions in 19 industries.
- $2.6T additional value in Marketing and Sales
- $2T in Supply Chain Management and Manufacturing.
- $200B in value to Pricing & Promotion
- $100B to Customer Service Management in Retail.
- Have an 11.6% impact on Travel industry revenues
- Have a 10.2% impact on High Tech.
- In 69% of the use cases in the study, AI and deep neural networks improved performance beyond what existing analytic techniques were able to deliver

### **SingularityNET** was born from a collective will to distribute the power of AI.
- **A full-stack AI solution powered by a decentralized protocol** and the first and only decentralized platform allowing AIs to cooperate and coordinate at scale, removing one of the major limiting factors to AI growth today — the lack of interoperability — which severely restricts the ability to leverage the strengths and capabilities of individual AIs.
-**Enables anyone to take advantage of a global network of AI algorithms, services, and agent.** No longer must AI technology exist in silos, only capable of operating within a specific company, infrastructure, or industry.
- **Sophia**, the world's most expressive robot, is one of our first use cases.



## How does success look like?
- SingularityNet teams and individuals arrive on Catalyst enthused by the possibilities for proposals and funding.
- Catalyst users get exposed to SingularityNet's technologies and get excited by the ways they could be used.
- Great collaborations happen before, during and after the challenge.
- The challenge is looked back on as part of the beginning of a great partnership between two crypto communities.

## Guiding Questions
- What do SingularityNet's technologies make possible?
- How and where can AI + Cardano benefit society?

## Potential directions
- AI improvements to help project Catalyst scale to many times its current size
- AI projects that fire the community's imagination and enthusiasm
- Knowledge base & Documentation
- Samples, recipes and templates
- Hackathons

## Key Metrics to measure
- Return on intention
- Number of proposals submitted
- Number of proposals with teams composed of both Cardano and SingularityNet community members
- Number of proposals with new and innovative solutions
- Number of proposals with ongoing development envisioned
