content/en/catalyst/fund7/challenges/nation-building-dapps/campaign-brief.md, before:

---
title: "Nation Building Dapps"
linkTitle: "Nation Building Dapps"
type: docs
hide_feedback: true
---
What core Dapp solutions can be provided for widespread governments adoption in the developing world?

Fund Size: **$600,000 USD paid in Ada**

[Campaign page](https://cardano.ideascale.com/a/campaign-home/26249) and [browse ideas](https://cardano.ideascale.com/a/ideas/top/campaign-filter/byids/campaigns/26249/stage/unspecified).

## Campaign Brief
Dapp proposals should cover foundational Registry solutions, namely:

National ID & Civil Registry, Property Registration, Medical & Vaccination, Education Census, Revenue Service, Business Incorporations, Elections Voting, Customs & Border Control, Criminal Records, Employment Census, Vehicle Registration, Licensing & Certifications.

Proposers to review IOHK/ EMURGO Atala solutions before hand along with reference use cases on integrated registry systems applications currently implemented across wealthy nations.

It is further advised Proposers to obtain a knowledge base over research done in the past three decades unraveling the "mysterious" causes of poverty in third world countries by the economist Hernando de Soto. The attached book "The Mystery of Capital" is a great reference to get into context for anyone involved in developing proposals for this challenge.

[Introduction video](https://archive.org/details/Hernando_De_Soto_The_Mystery_Of_Capital_Why_Capitalism_TriumphsIn_The_West_And_Fails_Everywhere_Else)


## Why is it Important?
For the poor nations with no foundations to stand on, Government Dapp solutions will be the building blocks enabling sustainable prosperity

## How does success look like?
Dapps adoption by Governments across developing nations, in collaboration with Local Community Centers and International Partnerships

## Key Metrics to measure
- Number of proposals
- Proposals CA ratings
- Diversity of Dapp's use cases
- Proposers commercial approach and negotiation strategy with different Governments
- Participation of Cardano's Local Community Centers
- Participation and/or partnerships with other international organizations
- Number of countries covered, contracts signed
- Number of Dapp users, registry accounts, transaction volumes
- Proposers lead time on field research, Dapp development and implementation
- Governments estimated lead time dependencies on red tape
- Dapps impact on social/financial inclusion
- Dapps impact on economic development

Commit message:

added description frontmatter for all fund7/challenges files.

content/en/catalyst/fund7/challenges/nation-building-dapps/campaign-brief.md, after:

---
title: "Nation Building Dapps"
linkTitle: "Nation Building Dapps"
type: docs
hide_feedback: true
description: "What core Dapp solutions can be provided for widespread governments adoption in the developing world?"
---
What core Dapp solutions can be provided for widespread governments adoption in the developing world?

Fund Size: **$600,000 USD paid in Ada**

[Campaign page](https://cardano.ideascale.com/a/campaign-home/26249) and [browse ideas](https://cardano.ideascale.com/a/ideas/top/campaign-filter/byids/campaigns/26249/stage/unspecified).

## Campaign Brief
Dapp proposals should cover foundational Registry solutions, namely:

National ID & Civil Registry, Property Registration, Medical & Vaccination, Education Census, Revenue Service, Business Incorporations, Elections Voting, Customs & Border Control, Criminal Records, Employment Census, Vehicle Registration, Licensing & Certifications.

Proposers to review IOHK/ EMURGO Atala solutions before hand along with reference use cases on integrated registry systems applications currently implemented across wealthy nations.

It is further advised Proposers to obtain a knowledge base over research done in the past three decades unraveling the "mysterious" causes of poverty in third world countries by the economist Hernando de Soto. The attached book "The Mystery of Capital" is a great reference to get into context for anyone involved in developing proposals for this challenge.

[Introduction video](https://archive.org/details/Hernando_De_Soto_The_Mystery_Of_Capital_Why_Capitalism_TriumphsIn_The_West_And_Fails_Everywhere_Else)


## Why is it Important?
For the poor nations with no foundations to stand on, Government Dapp solutions will be the building blocks enabling sustainable prosperity

## How does success look like?
Dapps adoption by Governments across developing nations, in collaboration with Local Community Centers and International Partnerships

## Key Metrics to measure
- Number of proposals
- Proposals CA ratings
- Diversity of Dapp's use cases
- Proposers commercial approach and negotiation strategy with different Governments
- Participation of Cardano's Local Community Centers
- Participation and/or partnerships with other international organizations
- Number of countries covered, contracts signed
- Number of Dapp users, registry accounts, transaction volumes
- Proposers lead time on field research, Dapp development and implementation
- Governments estimated lead time dependencies on red tape
- Dapps impact on social/financial inclusion
- Dapps impact on economic development
