content/en/catalyst/fund7/challenges/new-spo-business-opportunities/campaign-brief.md, before:

---
title: "New SPO Business Opportunities"
linkTitle: "New SPO Business Opportunities"
type: docs
hide_feedback: true
---
Stake Pool Operators are a key-success-factor of Cardano. With their infrastructure and capabilities, important new services can be created

Fund Size: **$250,000 USD paid in Ada**

[Campaign page](https://cardano.ideascale.com/a/campaign-home/26245) and [browse ideas](https://cardano.ideascale.com/a/ideas/top/campaign-filter/byids/campaigns/26245/stage/unspecified).

## Campaign Brief
Our SPOs are a most-valuable foundation of Cardano. They have invested in important infrastructure and are establishing important capabilities. This is of high value in the still very much hype-driven general Crypto space. With SPOs, the CARDANO Community can get both: Even more decentralization AND stability and professionalism at the same time.

On this bases, many new ideas and service can emerge, such as

- Secure and censorship-resilient data storage
- KYC related service and access hubs
- Well, for sure many, many more ideas and opportunities

In case of success, I can also see this as a recurring challenge setting, driving and optimising the economic well-being of our SPO's and utilizing all their today's and future capabilities in a most creative way.

## Why is it Important?
Being an SPO shall be economically attractive. In addition to this, there are great opportunities for adding new ideas & services

## How does success look like?
The overall business model of SPO's can become even more attractive and we can add new features and services for driving decentralization
## Key Metrics to measure
- Number of new business ideas for SPOs
- Overall SPO-related business-value of such optional new services
- Impact of essential new services for making the world of Cardano even more decentralized, distributed and censorship resilient

Commit message:

added description frontmatter for all fund7/challenges files.

content/en/catalyst/fund7/challenges/new-spo-business-opportunities/campaign-brief.md, after:

---
title: "New SPO Business Opportunities"
linkTitle: "New SPO Business Opportunities"
type: docs
hide_feedback: true
description: "Stake Pool Operators are a key-success-factor of Cardano. With their infrastructure and capabilities, important new services can be created"
---
Stake Pool Operators are a key-success-factor of Cardano. With their infrastructure and capabilities, important new services can be created

Fund Size: **$250,000 USD paid in Ada**

[Campaign page](https://cardano.ideascale.com/a/campaign-home/26245) and [browse ideas](https://cardano.ideascale.com/a/ideas/top/campaign-filter/byids/campaigns/26245/stage/unspecified).

## Campaign Brief
Our SPOs are a most-valuable foundation of Cardano. They have invested in important infrastructure and are establishing important capabilities. This is of high value in the still very much hype-driven general Crypto space. With SPOs, the CARDANO Community can get both: Even more decentralization AND stability and professionalism at the same time.

On this bases, many new ideas and service can emerge, such as

- Secure and censorship-resilient data storage
- KYC related service and access hubs
- Well, for sure many, many more ideas and opportunities

In case of success, I can also see this as a recurring challenge setting, driving and optimising the economic well-being of our SPO's and utilizing all their today's and future capabilities in a most creative way.

## Why is it Important?
Being an SPO shall be economically attractive. In addition to this, there are great opportunities for adding new ideas & services

## How does success look like?
The overall business model of SPO's can become even more attractive and we can add new features and services for driving decentralization
## Key Metrics to measure
- Number of new business ideas for SPOs
- Overall SPO-related business-value of such optional new services
- Impact of essential new services for making the world of Cardano even more decentralized, distributed and censorship resilient
